
Hi there!

Since you might need this at school at some point and because it can help understanding problem solving in the beginning,
here a nice tool with which you can create a so called "PAP or "Programmablaufplan".

It is called PapDesigner and should be totally free and (more or less) easy to use.

Link: friedrich-folkmann.de/

Just download the export ZIP Version.
The Setup Version just gives you the option to choose a destination and click yourself through, 
but includes the same exe at the end.

After that simply start that exe file called "PapDesinger.exe" with administrator rights.
(You don't need administrator rights to run it, but at start it tries to add the .pap file extension to be 
opened through this program and that should only work with admin rights.)

Linux INFO:
 It is built for Windows only, but you can run it under Linux as well, if you want.
 For that you would need something like "wine" (Windows Emulator), which can execute a lot of Windows Programs,
 as if they were running on Windows.
 
 If you don't want to get a headache, in case it has a lot of dependencies or other problems,
 simply use it on some Windows machine.


Once the program is started, you should get a popup message telling you about "Lernhilfen".
If you want to know how things are represented an built in PapDesigner you really should check that one out.
It is at the top right and gives you an overview about all things you can (and should) do with this program.


It is good to first create a program in here, in a basic form (with pseudo code you could say) and then
actually write the program based on what you did in here.

You don't have to and probably won't do this in an actual job, but it could happen and might be useful and
helpful in the beginning. It also could help if you have people with all sorts of programming languages in one group.
Since these "PAP"s should be universal, everyone should be able to understand what you are trying to say.
But once it comes to programming, everyone would/could write their actual solution in their own language.

Another of these things are UMLs, usually used for classes, but that is another topic. :)


Just check this out and maybe do some of these for the tasks you might encounter in here.
Would be cool, if you could send me some of these as well, but you don't have to. :D

And well, the program is german, so yeah... ^^


Why am I writing in english, I don't know. Pizza. Yep.

Bye. °l°

